content/post/welcome.md, before:

+++
authors = []
date = 2020-05-12T23:45:00Z
draft = true
excerpt = "Welcome to pep & honey; my little food cave on the internet"
hero = ""
timeToRead = 0
title = "Welcome"

+++
Welcome to pep & honey - my little shrine to cooking and eating. I've always had an interesting relationship with food and as I've gotten older - it's definitely gotten . . . weirder.

Though I didn't realize it at the time, in my younger years I was basically able to eat whatever I wanted and stayed relatively thin.

Once I started my first real job, is when I started eating a bit worse than I normally would and all the baked goods we all brought in didn't help. I started slowly gaining weight through the years.  
  
I also have fibromyalgia - which comes with its own set of issues but one of them is the lovely fact that I suffer from IBS. I'm allergic to fish and dairy, and I'm wildly sensitive to certain other foods.

Navigating the world of food and being able to enjoy eating has always been a tough thing. One thing that has remained the same is that I love cooking and baking. I love good food and tastes; it just has to look a little different for me.

I know I'm not alone either. There are so many people who have allergies or sensitivities or illnesses that affect this part of their lives too. So if you're one of them - hi, I'm Jen and I'd love to show you I how I do it, even if I don't actually know what I'm doing :)

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Jennifer Smeriglio updated content/post/welcome.md

content/post/welcome.md, after:

+++
authors = []
date = 2020-05-12T23:45:00Z
draft = true
excerpt = "Welcome to pep & honey; my little thought cave on the internet"
hero = ""
timeToRead = 2
title = "Welcome"

+++
Welcome to pep & honey - my shrine to my inner monologue. Originally, I thought this was going to be a more focused place for cooking and food. 

The problem is that my brain has many thoughts and opinions on a multitude of subjects. It only seems fit that I give my thoughts a place to spread out. 

I cannot tell you how many blogs I've started and abandoned over the years - which is why I'll be honest with you; this is going to be interesting. 

The only way that I will stay invested, is if I do this on my terms; not on the terms of what the blogging community dictates. 

Meaning this:

* I probably won't have a schedule for posting
* the topics are going to be random
* there won't be a singular theme
* the writing may not be overly edited and polished
* there may be an abundance of unrelated dog photos 

If you're cool with seeing where this very loose experiment goes - then I'm so pleased to have you join in on the adventure!
